when there's someone who's sick chronically and frequently, uh, to tell
you the truth, then maybe just handles that we don't treat them differently
than any other person. Um, you can have a sprained ankle,
and it could last for, like, three or four months. Um, ifit's something
that commanding officer can't deal with or the your division officer
can't deal with. Then they get sent off the ship. However, if they
are on the ship Assuming that, you know, all these cases are on
the ship. Then, um, you just let them live in their light, limited duty,
um, world. And once they come back, then you treat them as normal.
If they're on light, limited duty, you don't mark them down at all.
You whatever job they have, whether it's in a limited role, you
just grate them accordingly. We don't discriminate here based on disability.